hey guys today is start of peak week
which means that I am one week away from
my bikini competition so today I start
with my no salt no sugar additives or
anything like that and then tomorrow
I'll actually start my carb depletion
that's basically where I am NOT eating
any high energy carbs unless it's in the
morning with my oatmeal I also start my
water load today and then I'll start
dropping water on Wednesday it's been
about two months almost two months since
my last competition wish me luck as I
head into this week the hotel that is
hosting the warrior classic which is the
competition I'm doing they are gonna
prepare all my food for me in advance so
when I get there I'm gonna go pick it up
day after and I'll have that all
prepared for me so I don't have to cook
a thing it's gonna be awesome
kind of expensive but it'll be worth it
and I'm excited okay I wanted to show
you all a little bit of what I'm doing
right now and Saturday night and
tomorrow I start basically my carb
depletion so I wanted to show you guys a
little bit what a meal prepping for
tomorrow so that way I'm not in the
kitchen all day cooking but here I have
chicken I'm gonna add a bunch of coconut
oil and cinnamon to it because I'm so
sick of just like regular seasonings
right now and like I said earlier I
can't have any salt so I found that I
really like cinnamon and coconut oil on
chicken I know it's weird but it's
pretty good here I have steamed zucchini
I'm gonna be having that a lot of
tilapia I'll probably be either
pampering that or putting in the oven
and broil in it I haven't decided yet
and then asparagus I got sick of
steaming it so I'm going to bake that
and then I just cooked some I just
steamed some broccoli right here BAM so
I got two big things and broccoli yeah
that's basically what I'll be eating
tomorrow is asparagus tilapia chicken
zucchini salad a bunch of low-carb stuff
so not too excited about it but it's
really good for next week
it is Monday and I am on my way to work
only for an hour thankfully because I
have a lot to do today so I'm training
one client I didn't vlog yesterday
because my name was kind of uneventful
it's some cardio went to church and how
about it so today I have a bunch of
errands to run I'm gonna work for an
hour and then I'm gonna go do a circuit
at the gym so I don't know if I will
record that this time it's kind of hard
because I'll be all over the place in
the gym just wanted to update you guys
I'll let you guys kind of know how I'm
feelin a little bit later today alright
so right now we are at Ulta my mom and
sister and I and I'm going to get some
new lip color because I want to switch
it up from the red last time and I'm
going to get eyelash glue glue my lashes
together I'm just kidding um to put some
lashes on
so watch is on and then um some bronzer
Norm's bareMinerals eyelash adhesive
this is the lip color that I got and
it's obviously gonna look really
different with like dark dark dark skin
good morning YouTube this is team tired
as heck coming at you from peak week so
I am I'm really exhausted right now at
this point and it's only Tuesday but I
was gonna get up this morning and do
like sort of a fasted cardio where I
only ate a little bit of something but I
was just way too tired for that so I
basically got up later ate my food and
now I'm about to go do some cardio
all right guys so I'm on the way to the
airport
I am leaving in about an hour and a half
fish but I wanted to quickly show you
guys what all I'm packing and bringing
to Colorado so of course I have my six
pack bag here which is so nice because I
can carry on the plane with me and
everything stays nice and cold so I have
chicken to go with my chicken and oats
up until Saturday
my meal six for today just some 6 ounces
of tilapia for tomorrow before I go and
get all of my food that's going to be
already prepped for me at the hotel that
the show is at which is super cool the
hotel doesn't have asparagus so I went
ahead and just cooked a bunch that's
what I have in here and then I packed
some quest bars for after the
competition because I'm gonna be in
Colorado for like 12 days so I will see
you guys out in Colorado